QUOTES LIST + SOURCES, vaguely sorted by category

Books:
"The first of the line is tied to a tree and the last is being eaten by
the ants." (One Hundred Years of Solitude by Gabriel Garcia Marquez)
"I wish my love was more beautiful." (The Silvered Serpents by Roshani Chokshi)
"To us-- richer and cleverer than everyone else!" (The Lies of Locke Lamora
by Scott Lynch)
"The clan is my blood and the pillar is my master. I have a lot of regrets
in life, but those oaths aren't one of them." (Jade War by Fonda Lee)
"The gods are cruel not because they make us work. They are cruel because
they allow us to hope." (City of Stairs by Robert Jackson Bennett)
"War doesn’t determine who’s right. War determines who remains." (The Poppy War
by RF Kuang)
"Last time, they spent eight hundred years running towards each other.
This time, it only took an instant to fall into each other's embrace." (Heaven
Official's Blessing by Mo Xiang Tong Xiu)
"'Nah, if she’s the rose, he can be her thorn.' Calo snapped his fingers.
'The Thorn of Camorr! Now, that’s got some shine to it!" (The Republic of
Thieves by Scott Lynch)
"'Oh, hell,' Kelsier said. 'There’s actually a God?' 'Yes.' Kelsier decked him."
(Secret History by Brandon Sanderson)
"Remember: when humans ascend, they are still human; when they fall,
they are still human." (Heaven Official's Blessing by Mo Xiang Tong Xiu)
"No water is enough when you have crossed the sea; no cloud is beautiful
but that which crowns the peak" (Heaven Official's Blessing by Mo Xiang Tong
Xiu)
"I will change fate I don’t possess. My fate is up to me and not the heavens."
(Heaven Official's Blessing by Mo Xiang Tong Xiu)
"It was the words Hua Cheng had lived by since he was a child, and eternally
thereafter beyond his death. 'I am forever your most devoted believer.'"
(Heavn Official's Blessing by Mo Xiang Tong Xiu)
"I write these words in steel, for anything not set in metal cannot be trusted."
(The Well of Ascension by Brandon Sanderson)

Video games:
"This place is pretty dead... by which I mean there's nothing to kill."
(Childe, Genshin Impact)
"Are you deaf, or just stupid? When did I give you the right... to issue
your own orders?" (Scaramouche, Genshin Impact)
"You make a pinkie promise, you keep it all your life. You break a pinkie
promise, I throw you on the ice. The cold will kill the pinkie that once
betrayed your friend, the frost will freeze your tongue off so you never
lie again." (Genshin Impact)
"Pick a god and pray!" (Frederick, Fire Emblem Awakening)

Songs:
"Uh, you think ya big boi, throwing three stacks I'ma show you how to ball,
you a mismatch Opinionated but I'm always spitting straight facts
Throwback, I might throw this on an eight track" (Jopping by Super M)
"Work, stage, earth, ONEUS" (BBUSYEO by Oneus)
"The moon looks nice today" (Lit by Oneus)
"And I'm not cool and I'm not smart and I can't even parallel park" (Brutal
by Olivia Rodrigo)
"If you could be born again, what would you be? A potato" (Hot Potato by
N Flying)

Anime:
"Because people don't have wings, we look for ways to fly." (Haikyuu)
